translate troubleshooting-plugins.md (#3733)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/getting-started/how-to-guides/troubleshooting-plugins.md

When getting this error, please focus on the command line executed and ensure that 
the binary it uses exists or doesn't contain a typo.

> On RPM-based systems, you can use the following command to identify what is the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On RPM-based systems, you can use the following command to identify which package provides the missing binary: 
```

> package's missing binary: `yum whatprovides "*/the_binary_name"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`yum whatprovides "*/the_binary_name"`
```

### Check output or metrics is not complete

> When a Plugin execution looks incomplete, it usually means that there's 

Reviewer: ?
